CFE-254: Adds Node observability Operator section (#47075)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/node-observability-high-level-workflow.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/understanding-node-observability-operator.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="workflow-node-observability-operator_{context}"]
= High level workflow of the Node Observability Operator

After you install the Node Observability Operator in the {product-title} cluster, you have to create a `NodeObservability` custom resource, which creates a DaemonSet to deploy a Node Observability agent on each worker node.

> To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource that requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Author: fixed.

> To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource that requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Author: @stevsmit Can I just say  "...,which is available for query. "

> To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource that requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource that requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Author: fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/understanding-node-observability-operator.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="workflow-node-observability-operator_{context}"]
= High level workflow of the Node Observability Operator

> When you install a Node Observability Operator in {product-title} cluster, it creates a DaemonSet to deploy a Node Observability agent on each worker node. To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource, which requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Author: @mjpytlak Breaking into numbered steps don't help to achieve parallelism. It's better to keep it in paragraph. Wdyt ?

> When you install a Node Observability Operator in {product-title} cluster, it creates a DaemonSet to deploy a Node Observability agent on each worker node. To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource, which requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to run crio/kubelet profiling
First deploy a `NodeObservability`  custom resource in {product-title} cluster, it creates a DaemonSet to deploy a Node Observability agent on each worker node.
Next request a profiling query, by creating a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource, which requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. 
After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.
```
Maybe it does make sense to use numbered steps. But they have to be in that order. Actually one can try to run them in a different order, the reconciliation just won't work until all agents and machine configs are in place

> When you install a Node Observability Operator in {product-title} cluster, it creates a DaemonSet to deploy a Node Observability agent on each worker node. To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource, which requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Author: @sherine-k Thanks for the suggestion. Conversational tone is missing when we split into numbered list.

I would suggest splitting the paragraph into two:

When you install a Node Observability Operator in OpenShift Container Platform cluster, it creates a DaemonSet to deploy a Node Observability agent on each worker node. 

To request a profiling query, you have to create a NodeObservabilityRun resource. This resource requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system /run/node-observability directory, which is available for query over the time.

> When you install a Node Observability Operator in {product-title} cluster, it creates a DaemonSet to deploy a Node Observability agent on each worker node. To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource, which requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Reviewer 2: OK for me :+1: 
Just one thing to note: installing the operator doesnt get the daemonset deployed. Creating a NodeObservability CR does.

> When you install a Node Observability Operator in {product-title} cluster, it creates a DaemonSet to deploy a Node Observability agent on each worker node. To request a profiling query, you have to create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource, which requests the deployed Node Observability agent to trigger the CRI-O and Kubelet profiling. After the profiling is completed, Node Observability agent stores the profiling data inside the container file system `/run/node-observability` directory, which is available for query over the time.

Author: fixed. Thanks for the feedback.
